Bugfix: more selective criteria for resources to delete when injecting (#200)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: ofrak_core/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/tree/master)
### Fixed
- Fix long-broken `OFRAK.set_id_service` [#198](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/198)

> - Delete narrower list of resources when using `SegmentInjectorModifier` [#200](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/200)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug in `SegmentInjectorModifier` that resulted in deleting more resources than necessary [#200](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/200)
```

### Changed
- GUI is much faster, especially for resources with hundreds of thousands of children [#191](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/191)

> - Resources whose data gets modified are now listed in the `resource_modified` field of component results [#200](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/200)

Reviewer: I don't understand this. Does this mean that previously only resource analysis were listed in resource_modified? I think this change could be clearer

Author: Previously only changes to the resource _model_ caused a resource to be add to this "modified" set. Data patches could trigger that indirectly (that is, a data patch invalidates a some attributes that resource has which depends on that data, which is a change to the model) but were not guaranteed to do so. So the change is as it says: Resources whose data gets modified are now *definitely* listed in the `resource_modified` field of component results.
